**User Stories**
These are the User Stories from the High Level Design Document. This will be the basis for the acceptance tests that make up the web front end demo script.

**Public**

1. **Accessing OrchardWatch and [Home]**
   Joe, an average Joe, can access the OrchardWatch site and browse its contents by first opening their preferred web browser on their device. They will then enter the OrchardWatch URL into the web address field of their browser. Joe will then be directed to the home page of OrchardWatch and can now browse around the OrchardWatch site. Joe can return to the home page whenever he wishes to do so by selecting [Home] on the navigation bar located near the top of the site under the OrchardWatch header.
2. **Registering for a Public Account for OrchardWatch**
   Joe can register for an OrchardWatch account, which grants the general public the ability to download HOBO data, by selecting [Login] in the top right corner of the site. Joe will be redirected to the Login page and must then select the [Register] button left of the [Login] button. Joe must then select the [General Public] button above the [Grower/Researcher] button to create an account. This will redirect Joe to a form, which he must then fill out the following information in their respective fields by either entering the information or selecting from a dropdown (depending on the requested info): First Name, Last Name, Birthdate, Email, State, Country, Username (for OrchardWatch), Password (for OrchardWatch). Joe can enter this information in any order he chooses to do so. After entering in the requested info, Joe must then select [Confirm] to finish registering the account or [Cancel] to cancel the process of registration. Selecting [Confirm] will allow Joe to have successfully registered the account and login using the username and password he input.
3. **Login for OrchardWatch**
   Joe can login to the OrchardWatch website by selecting [Login] located near the top right corner of the site. This will redirect Joe to the login webpage, where he will then proceed to enter his OrchardWatch credentials into. Joe will enter his username into textbox labeled [Username] and his password into the textbox labeled [Password]. Joe can enter his username and password in either order. After entering his credentials, Joe will then select the button labeled [Login], which will proceed to log him in if the given credentials are successful. Otherwise, he will be prompted again to repeat the process of entering his username and password and selecting [Login] until he successfully enters the correct credentials. Joe can also choose to logout by selecting [Logout] that is located in the same position where [Login] previously was. After selecting [Logout], it will successfully log Joe out.
4. **Accessing [About Us]**
   Joe can view information about OrchardWatch concerning its mission, goals, contact info, etc. by selecting [About Us] on the navigation bar located near the top of the site. This will redirect Joe to a webpage where he can view the information about OrchardWatch. On the right side of the [About Us] webpage, Joe can see Tweets made on OrchardWatch&#39;s Twitter account. Joe can also follow OrchardWatch on Twitter by selecting [Follow us on Twitter] located at the bottom of the page with the information about OrchardWatch. This will redirect Joe to OrchardWatch&#39;s Twitter page, where Joe can login and follow OrchardWatch. Additional social media links are also provided, and each link will take the user to their respective social media pages.
5. **Accessing Orchard Home Pages**
   Joe can view information and pictures of his nearby orchard involved in OrchardWatch by selecting [Orchards] on the navigation bar located near the top of the site. This will bring up a drop down of orchards involved in OrchardWatch. Joe can then select the button with the name of the orchard that he is looking for, such as [Cold Spring Orchard]. This will redirect Joe to a webpage where he can then view the information and pictures concerning the orchard the he has selected. Joe can also access further information about the orchard on their own web page by selecting the [Learn More] link that will redirect Joe to their site.
6. **Accessing [Data]**
   On the OrchardWatch site, Joe can view any data or information relating to the following categories sent from the HOBO weather stations: temperature, humidity, solar radiation, soil moisture, leaf wetness, rainfall, and wind speed/direction. Joe can view this information by selecting [Data] on the navigation bar located near the top of the site. This will redirect Joe to a page where he can view the raw data stored in a table. Having logged in, Joe can download this data in the form of a .csv file by selecting the [Download] button at the bottom of the page. It will then be downloaded onto Joe&#39;s device in the Downloads folder for his own personal use. Below the table are graph representations (primarily line graphs) of the raw data gathered from the HOBO weather stations that Joe can view.
7. **Accessing [Gallery]**
   Joe can view pictures of the orchard by selecting [Gallery] on the navigation bar near the top of the site. This will redirect Joe to a webpage where he can browse all the uploaded images taken of the orchard and fruits. On the bottom of this page, there will be numbers and arrows. Selecting the arrow pointing to the right will bring Joe to the next page of images, selecting the arrow pointing to the left will bring Joe to the previous page, and selecting the numbers will bring Joe to that numbered page.
8. **Accessing the Visualization Tool**
   Joe can view the following data, received by the HOBO weather stations, in the form of a heatmap: temperature, humidity, solar radiation, soil moisture, leaf wetness, rainfall, and wind speed/direction. To do so, Joe must first select [Home] on the navigation bar near the top of the site. This will redirect Joe to the home page of OrchardWatch, which houses the visualization tool. Joe can view a heatmap of one of the specified categories by selecting the corresponding data-type, located within a general [Options] button. Each of the types displays the appropriate visualization (i.e. temperature to view a heatmap of temperature). Joe can view the visual representations of this data over a span of a week, month, or year by first selecting the [Calendar] icon to change date ranges. After selecting the [Calendar] icon, [Weekly], [Monthly], and [Yearly] field boxes appear, along with a graphical representation of a calendar. From this, Joe can select his desired date ranges, either by clicking on the appropriate spot on the graphical [Calendar] GUI, or by entering the date ranges into the appropriate fields. Joe can also view areas where apples may be ripe by selecting the table labeled [Pick Me], which will then allow the tool to render a map displaying possible locations for ripe apples, based on information gathered from HOBO data and other sources.
9. **Mobile Application**
   Joe wishes to access the OrchardWatch website, but does not have a computer to do so. As such, he can open his mobile device, and select the OrchardWatch application. Once that has been selected, he will be greeted with the mobile interface for the OrchardWatch website, contained within the application. He will then have access to the full functionality of the OrchardWatch website, as described in the rest of the user stories.

**Growers**

1. **\*Grower Permissions**
   Bob, a grower for Cold Spring Orchard, can access OrchardWatch, login to the website, and view all the information in the [Home], [About Us], [My Orchard], [Data], and [Gallery] sections of site just like Joe. Bob can also view and utilize the functionalities of the visualization tool located under the [Home] section and download the HOBO data as a .csv file under the [Data] section, like Joe.
2. **\*Registering for Grower/Researcher Account for OrchardWatch**
   Bob can register for an OrchardWatch account by selecting [Login] in the top right corner of the site. Bob must then select the [Register] button left of the [Login] button. Bob must then select the [Grower/Researcher] button below the [General Public] button to create an account. This will redirect Joe to a form, which he must then fill out the following information in their respective fields by entering in the information or selecting from a dropdown (depending on the requested info): User Code (given by an OrchardWatch admin), First Name, Last Name, Birthdate, Email, State, Country, Username (for OrchardWatch), Password (for OrchardWatch). Bob can enter this information in any order he chooses to do so. After entering in the requested info, Joe must then select [Confirm] to finish registering the account or [Cancel] to cancel the process of registration. Selecting [Confirm] will allow Joe to have successfully registered the account and login using the username and password he input.
3. **\*Editing Orchard Info Page**
   After having logged in, Bob can edit information concerning his Orchard by selecting [My Orchard] on the navigation bar located near the top of the site. This will redirect Bob to a webpage displaying information about the orchard. Bob can edit this information by selecting the button labeled [Edit] located next to the _Cold Spring Orchard_ title. Upon selecting the [Edit] button, Bob will now be able to make changes to the text explaining information about the orchard. Bob can either save or discard these changes by selecting either [Save] or [Cancel] respectively. Upon selecting [Save], Bob&#39;s changes will be saved to the webpage. Upon, selecting [Cancel], Bob&#39;s changes will be discarded. After selecting either of the options, Bob will no longer be able to make further changes unless he selects [Edit] again.
4. **\*Hobonet Sensors Maintenance**
   Bob, being incredibly satisfied with the OrchardWatch software, decides to buy additional sensors, to provide more data and get more accurate results. After installing the new sensor in their orchard, Bob navigates to the [My Orchard] page and navigates to the [Sensor Maintenance] button. Upon clicking on the button, he is presented with a current list of sensors available at his Orchard. There are options to [Add] and [Delete], and because he has just purchased a new sensor, Bob navigates to the [Add] button and selects it. Text fields asking for the [Serial Number][hobonet - username] [Password] appear. Bob enters his hobonet specific username and password into the fields, and the specific serial number of the new sensor. A [Confirm] button is located beneath the fields, and once all fields are filled, it becomes selectable. Bob presses [Confirm] and a new sensor is available to add to the datapool. Bob, realizing that an old sensor has broken, navigates the list of orchard specific sensors. He finds the sensor by its serial number, and selects the red x signifying [Delete].A pop up for confirmation appears. Bob is able to select [Cancel] or [Confirm]. Confirming on this pop up removes the sensor from the available pool to draw data from. Canceling exits the pop up.
5. **\*Posting Observations**
   After logging in, Bob can submit any observations concerning the orchard to OrchardWatch by selecting [Observations] that is visible on the navigation bar, located near the top of the page, after having logged in as a grower. After selecting [Observations], Bob will be redirected to a page containing a form that he must now fill out. To fill out the form, Bob must enter the Date, Location, and any Observations/Comments he has in their respective text boxes. Bob can upload any images to accompany his submission by selecting the button labeled [Upload Images] near the bottom of the page. Upon selecting [Upload Images], Bob can now browse through his device and choose at least one photo or image to upload. After selecting at least one image to upload, Bob can select the [Submit] button at the bottom of the page below [Upload Images] to submit his observations. Bob will then receive an alert on the page notifying that his image has been successfully uploaded and sent.
6. **\*Additional Visualizations - At-Risk Areas**
   After logging in, Bob can view areas of the orchard that are deemed _at-risk_ on a map by selecting [Home] on the navigation bar near the top of the page. After selecting [Home], Bob will be redirected to OrchardWatch&#39;s homepage, that houses a heatmap displaying information like where ripe apples are located on the map. Bob can change the heatmap to display areas of the orchard that may be susceptible to risks by selecting the [View Alerts] field nested within the [Options] button. The heatmap will render a new view of the map, and display the alert icon for various diseases and pests, in areas in which the alert field is triggered.
7. **\*Gallery Upload/Removal**
   After logging in, Bob can also upload images, that he&#39;s obtained from the drones around the orchard, to OrchardWatch. He can do so by selecting [Gallery] on the navigation bar near the top of the site. He will then be redirected to a page that houses images of the orchard, where he can select either [Add Images] or [Remove Images] near the title.

Upon selecting [Add Images], Bob can now browse through his device and select at least one image to upload. After selecting the images to be uploaded, Bob can select [Upload] to finalize uploading his selected images or [Cancel] to cancel the process of uploading his selected images. Selecting [Upload] will allow Bob to successfully upload his additional images to the [Gallery] section of OrchardWatch.

Upon Selecting [Remove Images], Bob can now browse through the images displayed in the [Gallery] section and select the ones he wishes to remove. After selecting the images to be removed, Bob can select either [Remove] to finalize the removal of the selected images or [Cancel] to cancel the process of removing the selected images. Selecting [Remove] will allow Bob to successfully remove the selected images from the [Gallery] section of the OrchardWatch website.

8. **\*Image Recognition for Pests and Diseases**
   After logging in, Bob can check whether a crop/plant/tree has been infected by a specific disease or pest, i.e. apples with apple scab, by selecting [Ask AI]. After selecting [Ask AI], Bob will be prompted to submit an image of the crop, plant, or tree in question. Bob can upload the image by selecting the [Upload Image] button which will allow Bob to browse and select an image from his device. After selecting the image, Bob can enter any accompanying comments or observations in the text box labeled [Comments/Observations]. Bob can submit the image and any additional comments he listed by selecting the [Submit] button at the bottom of the page. After doing so, OrchardWatch will process the image and reply back to Bob. Bob will be redirected to a new page that displays any findings from the submitted image. It will display information relating to whether the subject of the submitted image has a specific disease or pest, based off the model used.
9. **\*Adding/Deleting Orchard-Specific Public Facing Alerts**
   Bob, having noticed that his blackberry bushes are blooming, wants to alert the public to new and various cool things to do at his orchard. In order to do so, he navigates to the visualizer tool and selects the [Options] button.. Nested within the [Options] button exists an [Add Alert] button. To edit the conditions for determining an area alert Bob must select the [Add Alert] button, which will bring Sam to a new interface in the tool. Bob can then enter the name of the public alert in the text field labeled [Alert Title]. Bob must then select at least one condition (Dates, location, temperature, humidity, solar radiation, soil moisture, leaf wetness, rainfall, and wind speed/direction) such that the circle to the left of the name of the condition is filled in. After selecting the conditions, Bob has to enter the respective ranges that satisfies the condition in an area may spawn the alert. Bob enters selects the [Public: Pick me] option. Bob selects [Confirm] and a new orchard specific alert is created for the public to view. Should Bob later decide that he does not wish the public to know about this specific alert (ie, if it is no longer relevant, or if there is a new location where he wishes this alert to spawn, relative to his orchard ) he may change the alert through the [Edit Alert] option, adjacent to the [Add Alert] button. Bob pulls up the relevant alert through the title of the alert he just created, and through the same field as before, modify the conditions necessary for the event.Bob can either [Save] the changes, [Cancel] the changes, or [Delete] the current alert.

**Researchers**

1. **\*Researcher Permissions**
   Sam can access the Orchard website, login to the website, and view all the information in the [Home], [About Us], [My Orchard], [Data], and [Gallery] sections, like Joe and Bob. Sam can also create an account for OrchardWatch, view the _At-Risk Areas_ map visualization in the [Data] section, upload/remove images to and from the [Gallery] section, and detect pests and diseases for crops with the image/risk recognition feature under the [Ask AI] section like Bob.
2. **\*Editing [About Us]**
   After logging in, Sam can edit information detailing the concept of OrchardWatch by selecting [About Us] on the navigation bar near the top of the site. This will redirect Sam to a page hosting information concerning the OrchardWatch project. Sam can edit the information by selecting the [Edit] button next to the title _We Are OrchardWatch_, which will then allow Sam to make changes for OrchardWatch&#39;s description. Sam can commit these changes be selecting [Save] or disregard these changes by selecting [Cancel]. Upon selecting [Save], Sam&#39;s changes will be uploaded.
3. **\*Accessing [Observations]**
   After logging in, Sam can also view any observations made by the growers and other researchers by selecting [Observations] on the navigation bar near the top of the page. This will redirect Sam to a new webpage that displays a table of grower and researcher observations. Sam can also upload any observations that he has to OrchardWatch by selecting [Submit Observations] located under the title _Observation_. This will redirect Sam to a form that needs to be filled out. Sam must then enter the following into their respective text boxes: Date, Location, and Comments/Observations. Sam can also choose to upload any images to accompany the observations by selecting the [Upload Images] near the bottom of the page. Sam can then select the images to be uploaded from his device. Sam can submit his observations by selecting the [Submit] button located at the bottom of the page; doing so will result in an alert informing Sam of successfully submitting the observations.
4. **\*Setting Private Alerts for the Visualization Tool**
   After logging in, Sam can set up conditions for identifying risks of pests and diseases by selecting [Home] in the navigation bar at the top of the site. Sam will be redirected to the landing page for OrchardWatch that houses the visualization tool. Nested within the [Options] button exists an [Add Alert]. To edit the conditions for determining an area to be at-risk, Sam must select the [Add Alert] button, which will bring Sam to a new interface in the tool. Sam can then enter the name of the risk/pest/disease in the text field labeled [Alert Table]. Sam must then select at least one condition (Dates, temperature, humidity, solar radiation, soil moisture, leaf wetness, rainfall, and wind speed/direction) such that the circle to the left of the name of the condition is filled in. After selecting the conditions, Sam has to enter the respective ranges that satisfies the condition that an area may be susceptible to the given risk (Ex. after selecting the temperature for apple scab, Sam should input 55 for [From 째F] and 75 for [From 째F] as apple scab tend to spread around 55째F to 75째F). After entering the respective ranges for each selected condition, Sam can also upload an image to accompany the alert by selecting the [Upload Image] button. Doing so will allow Sam to browse through his device and select an appropriate image for the specified risk. To save the new alert for the specified risk, Sam must select [Save] button to register it for the visualization tool. Sam can cancel the process of adding the new risk alert by selecting [Cancel] next to the [Save] button. Sam can delete and edit alerts and their associated conditions by selecting [Edit Alert] adjacent to the [Add Alert] button. Sam will then have to select the alerts for various risks to remove by selecting the circle next to the title of the associated alert. After selecting the ones to edit, Sam can select modify the fields above. Sam can [Save] to register the new changes or [Cancel] to cancel the process of removing the selected alerts. Additionally, Sam can [Delete] the alert, and remove it from the database.
5. **\*Image Annotation**
   After logging in, either grower Bob or researcher Sam can annotate images in the gallery should he so wish. To do so, he would go to the gallery, and under the image he wishes to annotate, can select the [Annotate] option. Upon doing so, he is given a simple pop up in which he can enter an annotation label in the text field labelled [Annotation]. He is then presented with two buttons, one which is labelled [Annotate] and the other which is labeled [Cancel], should he select [Annotate], the image will then have the label attached to it in the raw image data, which the researcher can then download and use at his own discretion.
6. **Adding Additional Classifiers**
   Sam, through their exhaustive research, has managed to generate a new machine learning model that they think is of use to growers and researchers. Sam navigates to the [Ask AI] tab, and selects [Upload New Model]. A pop up is displayed on Sam&#39;s screen. The fields displayed are [Title], [Description], [Upload]. In any order, Sam can enter the fields. [Title] and [Description] are text based fields. After selecting [Upload], a file explorer UI pops up, and the researcher is able to select the model of an accepted format. The model is then uploaded and stored in the database, and is available for use under the [Ask Ai] tab.
